It looks like everything inside of my deployment process went as expected.
So I built the image, pushed it off to Docker Hub, restarted the deployment.
And now if I go back over to my terminal, I should be able to do a.
It'll get pods.
I should be able to find the running pod right here.
And I'm going to try to pull logs from that pod.
When I pull logs, I should see a startup message that looks identical to the one that we had just authored
back inside of its index file, though, starting up with about eight dots or so.
So to pull logs from that pod right there, I'm going to do a little logs and then I'll paste in the
name of that pod.
And there we go.
So we've got starting up with the appropriate number of dots, which means that we have deployed the
latest version of our service.
Well, this looks pretty fantastic.
Now, the last thing we really have to do here, besides a little bit of networking for ingress in Gen
X, you have to go around to all of our other services and create a very similar deployment file for
them as well.
We'll make this change directly on GitHub, so we'll just use the built in GitHub editor.
We're essentially going to duplicate that deployment off file that we get created just a moment ago.
So back on GitHub, I'm going to go to my code tab.
I'm going to find GitHub slash workflows.
I'm going to open up, deploy, offer HTML.
And then we're going to copy everything inside of here into about five other files in total, I think.
So we have to create one for client tickets, payment, all that stuff.
And you know what?
Now that I mentioned that using the built in GitHub editor is probably going to be a little bit of a
pain.
So how about instead we just copy this and create some YAML files inside of our workflows directory
inside of our local editor rather than using the GitHub one.
That just means we're going to have to do another push directly to our master branch, which is okay
in this case.
All right, so I'm going to copy everything we see inside of here.
I'll then go backward to my terminal.
I'm going to make sure I check out Master.
And just to be careful, I'm going to pull down all the changes once again.
Because I keep trying to push after forgetting to pull.
Then back inside of our Ed.
We can find that dot github workflows directory.
So inside of here, we're going to create a collection of different deploy files or client orders,
tickets, payments and exploration.
So inside of workflows, I'll make a new file of deploy client HTML.
I'll make another one of deploy orders.
Gamble.
Deploy tickets.
Deploy.
Payments.
And deploy expiration.
All right.
So a couple of different files here.
We're going to have to go through each one and just paste in all that stuff that we just copied and
make a couple of changes to just a couple of different properties inside there.
We're pretty much just fixing up the name because we've got a lot of references to off inside the script
and we just need to update those references to whatever we're actually trying to reference.
All right.
So back inside, let's start with how about our client deployment file?
So deploy client yaml.
I'm going to paste all that stuff that we just copied inside of here.
We're then going to go through and replace every reference to auth with client.
So client.
Client.
That's three.
Here is for.
Years five.
And here is six.
So if I do a find inside of here and look for off, I should get no results.
I'm going to save that file and close it.
We'll move on to how about expiration next?
So inside of the deploy expiration file, I'm going to do another paste and we're going to make sure
that we change six instances of off over to expiration.
So in this case, I'm going to do a multi select.
There's one, two, three, four, five and six.
I'm going to change all six to expiration.
Once again, I should be able to do a find inside of here for off and find nothing.
What's next?
We got our orders.
File the deploy orders.
I'll do a paste.
One, two, three, four, five and six.
Change them all over to orders.
Again do a search for auth.
Make sure I get zero results.
Onto your payments.
They'll do a paste.
One, two, three, four, five and six over two payments as usual, do a search for auth.
Make sure I got zero results.
Save that and close it.
And we are on to our last one, the deploy tickets YAML file, so I'll do another paste.
One, two, three, four, five and six.
Change them two tickets, and that should be it.
One more quick check here.
Just make sure we don't have the word off inside this file.
All right, so that should be it.
Now, at this point, this is another location where I can guarantee you a lot of people are going to
forget to change the word off inside of one of these files in just about guarantee it.
So it really would be worth your time to double check the deploy files that we just created, all five
of them, and just double check, make sure you do not have the word off inside of any of them.
An easier way to do this would be to do a find on the workflows directory.
So inside of the workflows folder I can do a search for off and I should only find results inside of
deploy off and tests off.
All right.
So it looks good.
Now, once again, we're going to commit these changes directly to master and push them up.
We can then try to make a change to each of these different services, create a PR for all them, merge
the PR and make sure that all of these changes actually get deployed into our cluster.
So back at my terminal I'll do a get status while on the master branch.
I should see the five deploy files we just created.
I'll add all five them.
And commit them.
And then push off.
Now again, because we are pushing directly to master our workflows are going to immediately run for
all five of those different files.
So we should see new deployments or jobs running for all five.
But in this case, remember, the one thing to keep in mind as well is that we do have a filter in there
to make sure that we only try to do a deployment or run those workflows if something changed inside
the respective services.
So actually, on second thought, we probably won't see any deployments running at all at this point.
We actually do have to make a change to all five services and commit them, make the pull request,
merge the pull request to actually trigger a change inside those directories.
And that finally is going to run our actual workflows.
So let's take a pause right here and take a shot at that in the next video.